Add support for SSR (#1255)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/ninety-singers-film.md

---
'@astrojs/starlight': patch
---

> Improve performance of computing the `lastUpdated` date from Git history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improves performance of computing the last updated times from Git history.
```

To keep consistency with the next changeset.
